# AR clubs

Thanks to the Public Health Protection Law (or PHP as it has become known), any
venue relying on close physical contact was put on an extremely short leash.
Clubs and bars were the worst hit; while traditional pubs got exemptions
(although not without some grumbling and redesign), more modern drinking
establishments were made almost entirely inoperable. Between distancing
regulations, masking laws and cleanliness requirements, only the largest and
most well-backed venues survived. The blitz of closures among those venues was
so large, it was the talk of the news for months.

However, where there's a will, there's always a way, and where there's money to
be made, especially so. The solution that arose was the 'AR club'. Unlike a
traditional club or bar, you wouldn't speak or approach people directly;
instead, you would be given a 'cell' or 'pod', and other guests would 'project'
themselves there using an 'avatar'. Cells could either be designated zones in a
large open space, or small booth-like enclosed structures. Either way, you
didn't socialize directly; you would interact with a virtual projection, as
would other guests with you. These would be done using 'augmented reality',
typically via glasses or full headsets, but a few clubs also have projection
capabilities (for those who can afford it).

The first AR club was Coiled Shade, started by a former Bengaluru startup
founder Mahindra Chopra. Coiled Shade deliberately targeted a wealthy, young and
tech-savvy crowd; in London there was no shortage of such people. Chopra also
deployed 'v-girls' - paid (or heavily subsidized) performers to project into
cells to chat to the (mostly male) attenders, making Coiled Shade look much more
buzzing and hip than it actually was. While this was uncovered (and led to bad
press, both in official and unofficial channels), Coiled Shade recovered almost
immediately. In fact, the practice became so widespread that 'v-girl' became a
recognized gig economy job in London (with some lesser participation in other
major cities). Since then, many other AR clubs opened, many with specific themes
or targeting more specific clientelle.

Thanks to a legal loophole first discovered by Klub Texxhno, it is possible to
'group' cells if all the participants agree and sign a specially worded legal
waiver. This means that (assuming you have the money), you can meet people and
drink in their company; the AR clubs certainly encourage this. However, for
many, AR clubs are completely out of reach: all have strict (and expensive)
dress codes, high entrance fees, and many are members-only. They have become
such a status symbol that rappers have started featuring them in their songs and
music videos. The first one to do this was Ghiz with "AR Clubbin' It" - many
imitators soon followed. For better or worse, AR clubs are a fixture of the
expensive party life of London - and they're here to stay.

