# eMask

With mandatory masking laws passed for all public places in London (and then the
rest of the UK), and the rising trend of putting 'smart' electronics into
everything, a 'smart mask' was inevitable. First developed and sold in China,
the Alibaba eMask came to the UK about six months ago, and proved a huge hit,
especially with the younger, wealthier crowd. While there are many imitation
products, many much cheaper, the real afficionados insist that there's nothing
quite like an eMask.

eMasks use a combination of gyroscope-controlled suction plates and microdermal
hooks to stay in place - they require no straps. They have an easy apply and
release - simply hold them to your face, push a button, and on it stays. The
microdermal hooks are almost completely impossible to feel, although they will
leave marks if an eMask is worn for more than a few hours. This has caused
professionals (especially medical professionals) to consider them unsuitable for
all-day use; the target audience is definitely more casual wearers. eMasks have
comfortable padding, and fit a variety of face shapes. Their advanced filters
are medical-grade, and also keep out pollution. There are some rumours of their
efficacy against tear gas or other irritants, but Alibaba makes no claims about
these. The outer part of the mask is made of a rigid plastic that can survive
falls, or even being thrown across the room (a few times). There are a range of
designs for the rigid plastic, and many choose to spray-paint them as an
individual flourish.

The greatest aspect of the eMask is its broad smartphone integration. You can
have it change colour due to its embedded LEDs, and stylish moving designs are a
good way for someone to distinguish themselves as being 'in with the times'. The
smartphone app can also report filter status, contents of the air being
breathed, and the breath depth and rate. However, for a real masker pro, the
best part are 'mods' - mechanical or electronic hacks. One of the most popular
mods is an injector for e-liquids: typically, these look like mounted vials on
the eMask, and the spent vapour is ejected downwards away from the chin. This
creates a theatrical 'cloud of vapour' look (even if it annoys passers-by).
Scent mods are also common, filling the eMask with pleasant aromas of baked
bread, strawberries or something even more exotic.

Owning a genuine eMask is definitely a sign of wealth. The masks themselves
aren't cheap, and their filters need regular replacing (and buying). However,
everyone agrees that if you want the best, you definitely want an eMask. They
have become a fixture of the fashionable (and wealthy) Londoner, at work and at
play.
