# Independent Scotland

Brexit was a thing that most Scottish people never asked for. Unsurprisingly,
when its effects struck, it proved to be the final push to Scotland declaring
its independence, after a referendum put the choice of 'going our own way' at
over 70%. There was some resistance to this from Westminster, but ultimately,
even they could see that it would look incredibly hypocritical on their part to
object. Combined with a general lack of concern for Scottish affairs in
Westminster, and the wide and complex solutions to the COVID-19 pandemic,
Scotland departed not with a bang, but a whimper.

Almost immediately, Scotland took motions to rejoin the EU. Thanks to their
timing, they managed to catch a slice of the COVID recovery budget passed by the
EU, and were well-positioned to gain additional protections for their fishing
industry. The departure of the UK meant that these fish stocks were much more
valuable, and designated country of origin protections also meant that Scotland
gained brand recognition for its seafood that would otherwise been denied it.
The Conservatives were so thoroughly despised that in the first independent
Scottish elections, they didn't even run any candidates. The final victory was
clinched by a Labour/SNP coalition, as Scotland retained its proportional
representation, which means a majority government couldn't form.

Today, Scotland is a proud and loud EU member, having just made a rapid
transition to the euro. However, a conflict looms regarding the North Sea well;
under international law, it should belong to Scotland, but for another twelve
months, it continues to be shared with the UK. In their typical approach, the
Conservative government punted the problem, and negotiations around it seem to
be going nowhere. Who ends up with the North Sea oil and gas is a non-trivial
question - if Scotland recovers it under international law, it could become a
second Norway. With so much money at stake, the talks have been difficult to say
the least. However, news agencies on both sides of the border are absolutely
thrilled - they get another play at Brexit-style reporting.
