# Longer Pig

The development of lab-grown meat was a major food industry breakthrough in the
early 21st century. While initially little more than a proof of concept, it
became more serious when Singapore rated it food-safe; in a bid to lead, the UK
soon followed, in what was arguably one of the few _benefits_ of Brexit (as the
EU took considerably longer). While initially, the focus was on lab-growing
beef, pork and chicken, it didn't take long before enterprising individuals
realized - why stop there?

Longer Pig is the brainchild of two startup founders: Richard Jerusalem and
Yelena Fieri, a cryptocurrency specialist and a food scientist respectively.
Upon careful reading of the law (and excessive reading of 'Transmetropolitan',
allegedly with many illicit substances), they came up with the concept of
'Longer Pig'. It was to be an experiment in disrupting the food industry, by
being delivery-only, integrating cryptocurrency (especially the newly-emerging
UKoin) as the central means of payment, and by lab-growing exotic meats -
including human. The name 'Longer Pig' is a reference to 'Transmetropolitan's
Long Pig, but changed to reflect it's supposedly more advanced nature. The menu
features the usual burgers, fries and shakes, but every meat item is less
believeable than the last: in addition to human, you can get mammoth, moa, blue
whale, and even stranger (and more illegal) options. 

Today, Longer Pig is a massive London hit. Anyone with a smartphone and some
koin can order their Long Pig Special with a side of Mammoth Rings and a
chocolate shake, and have it delivered, hot and fresh, to them by an
e-scooter-riding delivery driver, in twenty minutes flat. Delivery is usually
done by mutually-observed dead drop (to avoid PHP-related complications), with
payment done exclusively in UKoin. The distinctive red-and-pink (some would say
'fleshy') uniforms of the delivery riders, and the bizarre-looking packaging and
menu items, led to a lot of curious eaters. While many question the legality of
Longer Pig, it is 100% above board, thanks to a careful reading of the law.
Despite their higher production costs (lab-growing is becoming cheaper every
year, but the meat industry still wins, just), Longer Pig avoid payment
processing and physical location costs, and employ everyone on a gig economy
basis (again, thanks to relaxed Brexit food safety laws not least of all). 

While hardly gourmet, and often dismissed as more gimmick than food, Longer Pig
has seen meteoric growth, having gone England-wide, and planning expansion into
the more competitive US market. It's become the choice of many fast food
afficionadoes, as well as those curious to try meats that would otherwise be too
expensive (or too illegal) to eat.
